feat: Add start_timestamp_zero_ingestion to Prometheus metric components (#6610)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.exporter.prometheus.md

[flag]: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/<ALLOY_VERSION>/reference/cli/run/
{{< /admonition >}}

> {{< admonition type="warning" >}}
> **EXPERIMENTAL**: The `start_timestamp_zero_ingestion` argument is an [experimental][] feature.
> 
> When the `start_timestamp_zero_ingestion` argument is enabled, a zero sample is injected at the OTLP start timestamp for cumulative metrics, marking a counter reset so `rate` accounts for the initial value.
> 
> To enable and use an experimental feature, you must set the `stability.level` [flag][] to `experimental`.
> 
> [experimental]: https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/
> [flag]: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/<ALLOY_VERSION>/reference/cli/run/
> {{< /admonition >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **EXPERIMENTAL**: The `start_timestamp_zero_ingestion` argument is an [experimental][] feature.
>
> When the `start_timestamp_zero_ingestion` argument is enabled, a zero sample is injected at the OTLP start timestamp for cumulative metrics, marking a counter reset so `rate` accounts for the initial value.
>
> Experimental features are subject to frequent breaking changes, and may be removed with no equivalent replacement.
> To enable and use an experimental feature, you must set the `stability.level` [flag][] to `experimental`.

[experimental]: https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/
[flag]: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/<ALLOY_VERSION>/reference/cli/run/
```

We aren't using Warning or Caution admonitions for the Experimental notices.  To keep it consistent, use the `>` notation like is used in the prometheus.scrape topic.

Reviewer 2: There are two `{{< admonition type="warning" >}}` for experimental features right above this one - for `honor_metadata` and for `convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb`. We could merge the PR as it is, and change all 3 later?

Reviewer 2: @clayton-cornell  I merge it as it is so that it's consistent, I hope you don't mind 😅

Author: I did the second one in a previous contribution, just followed the `honor_metadata` lead

Reviewer: I should have dug a little deeper before I comented.  

Dismiss the suggestion. Merge the PR with the text as-is.

I've opened: https://github.com/grafana/alloy/issues/6728 to fix the inconsistencies.
